fix: update styles on color page (#4157)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/design-guidelines/styles/colors/colors.md

To check the contrast between background and text colors, use a <a href="https://color.a11y.com/?wc3" target="_blank" className="pf-m-link">WCAG AA-compliance tool.</a>

## Color families 
Our color palettes are organized into "families" that contain different shades of the same hue. In the following families, you can expand each color to see related tokens.

<Grid hasGutter>
  <GridItem xl2RowSpan={1} xl2={4} xl={6} xlRowSpan={2} sm={12}>
    <ColorFamily title="Gray family" family="gray" />
  </GridItem>
  <GridItem xl2={4} xl={6} sm={12}>
    <ColorFamily title="Blue family" family="blue" />
  </GridItem>
  <GridItem xl2={4} xl={6} sm={12}>
    <ColorFamily title="Green family" family="green" />
  </GridItem>
  <GridItem xl2={4} xl={6} sm={12}>

>     <ColorFamily title="Cyan family" family="teal" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <ColorFamily title="Teal family" family="teal" />
```
wait, just noticed this. I think we call this teal now

[Our goal](/accessibility/patternflys-accessibility/) is for PatternFly to meet [level AA requirements in the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/new-in-21/). To achieve level AA accessibility, your UI contrast ratios must be at or above 4.5:1 for normal text, 3:1 for large text, and 3:1 for graphics and other UI components. Additionally, on hover, link text color should have ample contrast from both the background color and the default state link color.

To check the contrast between background and text colors, use a <a href="https://color.a11y.com/?wc3" target="_blank" className="pf-m-link">WCAG AA-compliance tool.</a>

> <Divider/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## PatternFly palettes
> Our color palettes are created as a system, designed to reinforce content and workflows. Our palettes are carefully chosen to support effective communication and adapt to the needs of your UI.
> 
> Note that bright colors are used sparingly and are reserved for specific interactions, such as communicating status.
> 
> Our color palettes are organized into "families" that contain different shades of the same hue. In the following palettes, you can expand each value color or shadow in a family to see more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Color families 
Our color palettes are organized into "families" that contain different shades of the same hue. In the following families, you can expand each color to see related tokens.
```

Did we decide to keep the color families in addition to linking out to the Red Hat palettes? I think I removed the whole section in my pr, so would update the text to something like this if we are going to keep them
